docs: add documentation for publishing releases to f-droid (#2371)
lichess-org/mobile: docs/publish_fdroid.md

# Publishing a new version to F-Droid

There is a separate `fdroid` branch which uses unified push instead of firebase so that the app can be published on

> F-Droid. To publish, merge `main` into that branch, tag it, and then push:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
F-Droid. To publish, merge the new version tag into that branch, tag the merge commit, and then push:
```

```bash
git checkout fdroid

> git merge main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git merge v<new-version>
```
